Update license info in FAQ, License and Readme (#2001)
slint-ui/slint: FAQ.md

## Licensing

Slint is available under either a [proprietary license](LICENSES/LicenseRef-Slint-commercial.md)
or [GNU GPLv3](LICENSES/GPL-3.0-only.txt)

> ### Can I license my code under a more permissive license than GPL?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I license my code under a open-source license more permissive than GPL?
```

> Yes. You can publish your own source code under a permissive license compatible with
> the GPL, such as BSD, MIT, or Apache license. However, the binary or the package
> containing Slint needs to be licensed under GPL. For more info, you can check the following GPL FAQs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. While the binary or the package containing Slint needs to be licensed under GPL,
the code you write can be under any license compatible with the GPL, such as BSD, MIT, or Apache license. 
For more info, you can check the following GPL FAQs:
```

- [https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#LinkingWithGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#LinkingWithGPL)

> - [https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#IfLibraryIsGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#IfLibraryIsGPL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#IfLibraryIsGPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.en.html#IfLibraryIsGPL)

In other words, you can still allow others to fork your code for proprietary software.
The person doing that have the choice to either use Slint according to one of our proprietary options, or remove the dependency.
```

> ### What are the different proprietary licensing options?

Reviewer: I wouldn't put the pricing in the FAQ in the repository, just a link to ir.

Author: Replaced with link

|   | Ambassador  | Flex  | Buyout  |
|--- |:---: |:---: |:---: |
| Price  | Free of charge  | from EUR 59 /user/month  | from EUR 5900  |
| Type of license  | Perpetual  | Perpetual  | Perpetual  |
| Users  | Unlimited  | As per license  | Unlimited  |
| Distribution on Desktop  | Unlimited  | Unlimited  | Unlimited  |
| Distribution on Embedded  | Unlimited  | As per purchased volume  | As per purchased volume  |
| Support  | Standard  | Standard  | Standard + 30 hours of Premium Support  |
| Updates  | Included  | Included  | Included  |
| Additional Obligations  | (1) consent to showcase the application,  (2) attribution of Slint and  (3) feedback to improve Slint.  | None  | None  |

The terms and conditions of the proprietary license is available [here](LICENSES/LicenseRef-Slint-commercial.md).

### What does perpetual mean?

The perpetual right allows you to use the version(s) of Slint, provided under the
proprietary license, for ever.

> ### What are the different support options?

Reviewer: Same, i'd just link to the website.

Author: Since we do not have a comparison table, removed it for now and instead mentioned - Standard support and premium support.
